# __Meeting 2__

<br>

__Date__: February 17, 2026

__Time__: 6:00 p.m. - 6:40 p.m.

__Location__: Virtual (Discord voice call)

<br>

## __Attendance__

- [ ] Abina Arshad (Abina was added on the day the project was due)
- [x] Aaron Trites
- [x] Caleb Harmsen
- [x] Greeshma Kunduri
- [x] Ivan Kullaya
- [x] Jerry Marveille
- [x] Maha Jornaz

<br>

__Purpose__: Monitor team membersâ€™ progress on their assigned sections

<br>

## __Section Completion__ 

<br>

* _Abina_ - N/A
* _Aaron_ - Completed sections 4.5 and 4.7 
* _Caleb_ - Created GitHub repository and started section 4.8
* _Greeshma_ - Completed sections 1.1 - 1.2 and started section 2.1
* _Ivan_ - Completed sections 1.3 - 1.5 and started section 5
* _Jerry_ - Started section 4.1 and nearly completed section 4.2
* _Maha_ - Completed sections 2.4, 3.3 and started section 3.3



## __Next Meeting's Info__

N/A
