<!--MEETING 5-->

# __Meeting 5__

<br>

__Date__: May 5, 2026

__Time__: 6:00 p.m. - 6:20 p.m.

__Location__: Virtual (Discord voice call)


<br>


<!--ATTENDANCE-->


## __Attendance__

- [x] Abina Arshad
- [x] Aaron Trites
- [x] Caleb Harmsen
- [x] Greeshma Kunduri
- [x] Ivan Kullaya 
- [x] Jerry Marveille
- [x] Maha Jornaz

<br>


<!--PURPOSE-->


## __Purpose__ 

<br>

The purpose of this meeting was to:
* Check the team members’ progress on their sections.
  - Most of the team members completed their sections.
  - Maha couldn't work on section 4 (advanced features) until deliverable 4 is completed.
  - Jerry tried to evaluate the expression, but it threw an error.
  - When Ivan ran it, it worked.

* Checking the code:
  - Throughout the meeting, Ivan, Jerry and Caleb were trying to figure out what's wrong with the code.
  - Test case 13 wasn't working, it popped an error.
  - Jerry will look over it again after the meeting.

<br>

## __Follow-Up Actions__

* Caleb, Ivan, and Jerry will continue working on the code, and will let the rest of the team members know if it's complete.
* They would also let Maha know what advanced features they are thinking about implementing.
 

<br>


<!--SECTION TASKS COMPLETION-->


## __Section Tasks Completion__ 

* _Abina_ - will submit the sections by tonight
* _Aaron_ - completed all required sections
* _Caleb_ - completed all required sections
* _Greeshma_ - completed all required sections
* _Ivan_ - started code and made an outline
* _Jerry_ - completed all required sections, but an error occured
* _Maha_ - completed all required sections except section 4

<br>


<br>

<!--NEXT MEETING'S INFO-->

## __Next Meeting's Info__

__Next meeting's date__: May 7, 2026

__Next meeting's time__: 7:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.

__Next meeting's location__: Virtual (Discord voice call)
