
<!--MEETING 1-->

# __Meeting 1__

<br>

__Date__: March 10, 2026

__Time__: 6:00 p.m. - 6:31 p.m.

__Location__: Virtual (Discord voice call)

<br>


<!--ATTENDANCE-->


## __Attendance__

- [x] Abina Arshad
- [x] Aaron Trites
- [x] Caleb Harmsen
- [x] Greeshma Kunduri
- [ ] Ivan Kullaya 
- [x] Jerry Marveille
- [x] Maha Jornaz

<br>


<!--PURPOSE-->


## __Purpose__ 

<br>

The purpose of this meeting was to:
* Distribute the sections of Deliverable 3 among team members.
    - Each person chose the section they want to work on.
    - Since Ivan was absent, he has the leftover section.
    - Everyone will work on section 4 together.

* Discuss where we want to meet for the next meeting (in person).
    - Abina will reserve the room for the in person meeting on March 12, 2026.
    - During this meeting, the team members would look through deliverable 2 before submission to ensure consistency and flow.

* The team members planned to have another in person meeting to work on Section 4 (UML diagram).
    - Aaron proposed the team should do another team meeting since deliverable 3 needs more team effort than solo work.
    - We haven't determined a date for that yet, but will most likely be on a Thursday. 
    - Jerry suggested working on a UML diagram for section 4 during the in person meeting.

* We will create a poll to choose which application to use for Section 4 (UML diagram).


<br>


<!--SECTION TASKS-->


## __Section Tasks__ 

* _Abina_ - sections 1.5 and 3
* _Aaron_ - section 6
* _Caleb_ - section 5.2
* _Greeshma_ - sections 1.4 and 2
* _Ivan_ - section 8
* _Jerry_ - section 5.1 
* _Maha_ - sections 1.1 - 1.3
* _Everyone_ - section 4

<br>

<!--TASKS ALLOCATED-->

## __Tasks Allocated__

### __All Team Members__

* Each member received their assigned sections and will begin working on them before the next Tuesday meeting.
* The entire team will be working on section 4 together.

<br>

<!--NEXT MEETING'S INFO-->

## __Next Meeting's Info__

__Next meeting's date__: March 12, 2026

__Next meeting's time__: 1:00 p.m. - 2:00 p.m.

__Next meeting's location__: In-person (LEEP room 1322)
